ROX-30739: Docs for process baseline auto locking (#100444)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/auto-lock-process-baselines.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operating/evaluate-security-risks.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="auto-lock-process-baselines_{context}"]
= Configuring auto-lock for process baselines

[role="_abstract"]

> You can configure {product-title-short} to automatically lock process baselines when they leave the observation period. The auto-lock feature must be enabled in both Central and in the secured cluster. The feature is enabled in Central by default and disabled in the secured clusters by default. Hence, enabling the feature does not require restarting Central. However, changing the state of the feature in Central does require a restart of Central. The feature will only be enabled for process baselines for secured clusters where the feature is enabled. Disabling the feature after it has been enabled does not unlock process baselines that have been locked by the feature. Enabling the feature does not lock process baselines that left the observation period before the feature was enabled.

Reviewer: The abstract (short description) needs to be 2-3 sentences, so I suggest breaking up. For example:

```suggestion
You can configure {product-title-short} to automatically lock process baselines when they leave the observation period. The auto-lock feature must be enabled in both Central and in the secured cluster. 

Note the following guidelines when using this feature:

* The feature is enabled in Central by default and disabled in the secured clusters by default. Therefore, enabling the feature does not require restarting Central. However, changing the state of the feature in Central does require a restart of Central. 
* The feature is only enabled for process baselines for secured clusters where the feature is enabled.
* Disabling the feature after it has been enabled does not unlock process baselines that have been locked by the feature. 
* Enabling the feature does not lock process baselines that left the observation period before the feature was enabled.
```
